feat: add support for vtpm (#2279)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: website/docs/r/virtual_machine.html.markdown

You can use the [`vsphere_virtual_machine`][tf-vsphere-virtual-machine-ds] data source, which provides disk attributes, network interface types, SCSI bus types, and the guest ID of the source template, to return this information. See the section on [cloning and customization](#cloning-and-customization) for more information.

## Trusted Platfrom Module

When building or cloning from template, there is a additional option to deploy virtual machine with vTPM hardware. This will only work on windows based machines.

**Example**:

```hcl
resource "vsphere_virtual_machine" "vm" {
  # ... other configuration ...
   vtpm {
    version = "2.0"
  }
  # ... other configuration ...
}

> ```
> ***Note: vTPM is only supported with version 1.2 or 2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

~> **NOTE:** Supported versions include 1.2 or 2.0.
```

You can use the [`vsphere_virtual_machine`][tf-vsphere-virtual-machine-ds] data source, which provides disk attributes, network interface types, SCSI bus types, and the guest ID of the source template, to return this information. See the section on [cloning and customization](#cloning-and-customization) for more information.

> ## Trusted Platfrom Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Trusted Platform Module
```

> When building or cloning from template, there is a additional option to deploy virtual machine with vTPM hardware. This will only work on windows based machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a virtual machine or cloning one from a template, you have the option to add a virtual Trusted Platfrom Module device. Refer to the requirements in the VMware vSphere [product documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/8.0/vsphere-security/GUID-6F811A7A-D58B-47B4-84B4-73391D55C268.html).
```

There is also a requirement for EFI, but per the documentation, Linux and Windows are supported.

**Example**:

```hcl
resource "vsphere_virtual_machine" "vm" {
  # ... other configuration ...
   vtpm {
    version = "2.0"
  }
  # ... other configuration ...
}
```

> ~> **NOTE:** Supported versions include 1.2 or 2.0. This setting is only available on new builds and reconfiguration to add vTPM Module, removal is not supported at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** Supported versions include 1.2 or 2.0. This setting is only available on new builds and reconfiguration to add a vTPM module; removal is not supported in the provider.
```
